content/events/past/JASMIN-user-seminar-series.md, before:

---
categories:
  - jasmin
  - webinar
date: 2021-01-20
title: JASMIN User Seminar Series
description: User seminars aimed to encourage knowledge sharing and best practice between JASMIN users, showcasing the types of science enabled by JASMIN. 
icon: fas seedling
aliases: ['/events/jasmin-user-seminar-series']
---

{{<alert type="info">}}**Update January 2024:** Thanks to all who previously contributed to this seminar series. We aim to get a new regular series of user seminars up and running again shortly: watch this space and please contact us if you have an idea for a talk!{{</alert>}}

Talk | Speaker | Abstract | Recording | Slides | Date
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Data Management of Multi-Model Climate Simulations from PRIMAVERA at JASMIN | Jon Seddon, UK Met Office | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRDvhh-iidAwCpAqGkOuoVrPjfGv9I_5PuZP4eWYBEWs2YLVZ3CHKvgOcuBROG5LyEGmAWZO5hJDucE/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/oiHaipnuuVk" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s1jFhgbDIfSJ2CIn-lhgAor9Ygt3XKqN/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | January 2021
Oceans in the Cloud: working interactively with huge datasets using Pangeo | Andrew Meijers, British Antarctic Survey | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTsaQl8xiUWeP53s1qseNP3EjOFzE8d38XWinmIi7uVI8jTtfTaJneAc2Z8vcqwwyqkQ0Fm5MqZsrPt/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/e0qVBwlR2zc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MzGzOZ6a5KBGypfKGf5CZQ-kofcV6RoO/view" icon="fas file" />}} | January 2021
PRISE and Peatlands | Jane Lewis, Assimila | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vR2nYugoa_9W8XQtqRrugMcd-O9oLoqTUFWvHhnjQlX7JwwpgwuekOqEUsYwEK7Y4uiLQgZpIKTOYYB/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Lc1TNWmenuc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p-O6AoclA14PzU8JewHw03DpBlhVX_Tg/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | February 2021
Evaluating aerosols in the UK Earth System Model using observational ensembles | Adam Povey, National Centre for Earth Observation and University of Oxford | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vROGYWauu22Bzm4i3cykneU9c697nr35h1v6lqJ0U3kHlDxf79pPW_MmAO0p5hzVyLwjbHQe5BLvEZj/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Evx2NU3pFjc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1S93isbAIH_NnpLHVtMbtqtWBm3vMGdaS/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | February 2021
Using the JASMIN Unmanaged Cloud for UKCA Training | Luke Abraham, National Centre for Atmospheric Science & Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRuSqbv4dFj1OgjEDkPpFjcA4H9ZqN6NuVW3LtVOXs_vv25-Y0mU31LGZUF_YVFXZhZ4i4fv010amuP/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/gAT9HIUJ1U0" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OeHfPBHRcK31lyWTWRO4JdNHXlggNYT7/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | March 2021
Unsupervised classification of mesoscale cloud organisation with neural networks | Leif Denby, University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTdDhRdcdq5qfPWJOjAEA6LBoB8T7_TU0DxRcY7M_MOar8ivhWvgxwYNQV1MmVVZ0op_YjB4fSRdxjf/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/0qH9O57epso" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ae2JlmywpWAB_nUBB7spuDk3Nn3FZylm/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | March 2021
COMET LiCSAR system for measuring tectonic and volcanic deformation by Sentinel-1 interferometry (part 1) | Milan Lazecký, Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics (COMET), University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vShj970bN2JzskZFnKq-KyTK257WbVdngnXCtZg0a5yWyUkZeu-13IaB87fCcZETJ6gWf-O7xkh6Zh8/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/CwPFttRujuo" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17ssk5HP6LOWb0Vg4q24SdptomqY8QhRm/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | May 2021
COMET LiCSAR system for measuring tectonic and volcanic deformation by Sentinel-1 interferometry (part 2) | Yasser Maghsoudi Mehrani, Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics (COMET), University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vShj970bN2JzskZFnKq-KyTK257WbVdngnXCtZg0a5yWyUkZeu-13IaB87fCcZETJ6gWf-O7xkh6Zh8/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/NENO5YVUkTQ" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1swXbaBtqHDchhRxXmgER-VyLjuE6B585/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | May 2021
Ground deformation detection using convolutional neural networks on InSAR data | Pui Anantrasirichai, University of Bristol | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRXSFk-tklQYNJmBDOKn2XhcjpNW4N3WTTm0xaRKBBGuCt2wWzCpHinjb-Ay2_n8mzurbqTKv-yS4OP/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/xTHZkGJWAls" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pwdH2of7r14ytCSA1RI4SF9B7helZPqI/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | June 2021
DataLabs: Opening up environmental data science in the 21st Century | Mike Holloway, UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSLpaAC3mL3FKVa6F4gx6Yl5NBU4WGiPn5EQuu6oF5pifw7Ny0XUmaYoyra3ZE5SmffFBI8HYbo0OoT/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/inPT-n7jhhc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IzcSpRcErUczEXdRGJM6T5VIqjpzgPk5/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | June 2021
How climateprediction.net uses JASMIN: development, data storage, analysis, and collaboration | Sarah Sparrow, Oxford e-Research Centre, Oxford University | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSEhMybw1ks8LQAc7SMy0HRGCGrG982RRqDidrg4raDAcUmo1v6DJtOFpR38AheLBlCIMpVZ_UpiphO/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Rzx0UMDpx1M" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rlVjYbX90BkVvRUPyepAE5GTArnbtTpx/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | July 2021
Transforming environmental research in the public sector with the use of JASMIN |  Cathy Jin and Gwawr Jones, Joint Nature Conservation Committee (JNCC)| {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRJV6C2vC-u7SuHfH1E2BSFyGMTPpbC2FvGLN6hrunMQy8pU01EN6syc2JpNvd3xFTaHuZXJf6uWcNT/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/QzkRxmAv3W8" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q5nf4Lr0aQsDXNMfFJGrQnKhyogOYImV/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | July 2021
{.table .table-striped}

Commit message:

moved next seminar from event to news item

content/events/past/JASMIN-user-seminar-series.md, after:

---
categories:
  - jasmin
  - webinar
date: 2024-01-30
title: JASMIN User Seminar Series
description: User seminars aimed to encourage knowledge sharing and best practice between JASMIN users, showcasing the types of science enabled by JASMIN. 
icon: fas seedling
aliases: ['/events/jasmin-user-seminar-series']
---

{{<alert type="info">}}**Update January 2024:** Thanks to all who previously contributed to this seminar series. We are restarting this series with the next webinar occuring on Tuesday 6th February at 1pm! Please contact us if you have an idea for a talk!{{</alert>}}

Talk | Speaker | Abstract | Recording | Slides | Date
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Data Management of Multi-Model Climate Simulations from PRIMAVERA at JASMIN | Jon Seddon, UK Met Office | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRDvhh-iidAwCpAqGkOuoVrPjfGv9I_5PuZP4eWYBEWs2YLVZ3CHKvgOcuBROG5LyEGmAWZO5hJDucE/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/oiHaipnuuVk" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s1jFhgbDIfSJ2CIn-lhgAor9Ygt3XKqN/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | January 2021
Oceans in the Cloud: working interactively with huge datasets using Pangeo | Andrew Meijers, British Antarctic Survey | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTsaQl8xiUWeP53s1qseNP3EjOFzE8d38XWinmIi7uVI8jTtfTaJneAc2Z8vcqwwyqkQ0Fm5MqZsrPt/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/e0qVBwlR2zc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MzGzOZ6a5KBGypfKGf5CZQ-kofcV6RoO/view" icon="fas file" />}} | January 2021
PRISE and Peatlands | Jane Lewis, Assimila | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vR2nYugoa_9W8XQtqRrugMcd-O9oLoqTUFWvHhnjQlX7JwwpgwuekOqEUsYwEK7Y4uiLQgZpIKTOYYB/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Lc1TNWmenuc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p-O6AoclA14PzU8JewHw03DpBlhVX_Tg/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | February 2021
Evaluating aerosols in the UK Earth System Model using observational ensembles | Adam Povey, National Centre for Earth Observation and University of Oxford | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vROGYWauu22Bzm4i3cykneU9c697nr35h1v6lqJ0U3kHlDxf79pPW_MmAO0p5hzVyLwjbHQe5BLvEZj/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Evx2NU3pFjc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1S93isbAIH_NnpLHVtMbtqtWBm3vMGdaS/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | February 2021
Using the JASMIN Unmanaged Cloud for UKCA Training | Luke Abraham, National Centre for Atmospheric Science & Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRuSqbv4dFj1OgjEDkPpFjcA4H9ZqN6NuVW3LtVOXs_vv25-Y0mU31LGZUF_YVFXZhZ4i4fv010amuP/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/gAT9HIUJ1U0" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OeHfPBHRcK31lyWTWRO4JdNHXlggNYT7/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | March 2021
Unsupervised classification of mesoscale cloud organisation with neural networks | Leif Denby, University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTdDhRdcdq5qfPWJOjAEA6LBoB8T7_TU0DxRcY7M_MOar8ivhWvgxwYNQV1MmVVZ0op_YjB4fSRdxjf/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/0qH9O57epso" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ae2JlmywpWAB_nUBB7spuDk3Nn3FZylm/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | March 2021
COMET LiCSAR system for measuring tectonic and volcanic deformation by Sentinel-1 interferometry (part 1) | Milan Lazecký, Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics (COMET), University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vShj970bN2JzskZFnKq-KyTK257WbVdngnXCtZg0a5yWyUkZeu-13IaB87fCcZETJ6gWf-O7xkh6Zh8/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/CwPFttRujuo" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17ssk5HP6LOWb0Vg4q24SdptomqY8QhRm/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | May 2021
COMET LiCSAR system for measuring tectonic and volcanic deformation by Sentinel-1 interferometry (part 2) | Yasser Maghsoudi Mehrani, Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics (COMET), University of Leeds | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vShj970bN2JzskZFnKq-KyTK257WbVdngnXCtZg0a5yWyUkZeu-13IaB87fCcZETJ6gWf-O7xkh6Zh8/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/NENO5YVUkTQ" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1swXbaBtqHDchhRxXmgER-VyLjuE6B585/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | May 2021
Ground deformation detection using convolutional neural networks on InSAR data | Pui Anantrasirichai, University of Bristol | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRXSFk-tklQYNJmBDOKn2XhcjpNW4N3WTTm0xaRKBBGuCt2wWzCpHinjb-Ay2_n8mzurbqTKv-yS4OP/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/xTHZkGJWAls" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pwdH2of7r14ytCSA1RI4SF9B7helZPqI/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | June 2021
DataLabs: Opening up environmental data science in the 21st Century | Mike Holloway, UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSLpaAC3mL3FKVa6F4gx6Yl5NBU4WGiPn5EQuu6oF5pifw7Ny0XUmaYoyra3ZE5SmffFBI8HYbo0OoT/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/inPT-n7jhhc" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IzcSpRcErUczEXdRGJM6T5VIqjpzgPk5/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | June 2021
How climateprediction.net uses JASMIN: development, data storage, analysis, and collaboration | Sarah Sparrow, Oxford e-Research Centre, Oxford University | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSEhMybw1ks8LQAc7SMy0HRGCGrG982RRqDidrg4raDAcUmo1v6DJtOFpR38AheLBlCIMpVZ_UpiphO/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/Rzx0UMDpx1M" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rlVjYbX90BkVvRUPyepAE5GTArnbtTpx/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | July 2021
Transforming environmental research in the public sector with the use of JASMIN |  Cathy Jin and Gwawr Jones, Joint Nature Conservation Committee (JNCC)| {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Abstract" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRJV6C2vC-u7SuHfH1E2BSFyGMTPpbC2FvGLN6hrunMQy8pU01EN6syc2JpNvd3xFTaHuZXJf6uWcNT/pub" icon="fas file-lines" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Recording" href="https://youtu.be/QzkRxmAv3W8" icon="fab youtube" />}} | {{< button color="primary" tooltip="Slides" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q5nf4Lr0aQsDXNMfFJGrQnKhyogOYImV/view?usp=sharing" icon="fas file" />}} | July 2021
{.table .table-striped}
